----start of manche----
player is dry and on log in position x:37 y:10 
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
player is dry and on log in position x:20 y:10 
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
moving car in log 2
missed the log in row 2
----start of manche----
spooder generated
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
spitball hit the car 
spooder generated
spooder generated
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
for real 
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
spooder generated
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
spooder generated
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spooder generated
spitball killed the player 
----start of manche----
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spooder generated
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
spitball killed the player 
----start of manche----
spooder generated
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
spooder generated
spooder generated
spitball hit the car 
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball killed the player 
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball killed the player 
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
spooder generated
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
player got run over by cars
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
----start of manche----
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball hit the car 
spitball hit the car 
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
reading player
reading player
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spitball killed a spider 
for real 
for real 
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
reading player
spooder generated
